Clarify optimization instructions (#4810)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/performance/gpu_optimization.rst

   of objects (in the hundreds or thousands), try reusing the materials.
   In the worst case, use atlases to decrease the amount of texture changes.
-  **Reusing Shaders:** If materials can't be reused, at least try to

>    re-use shaders. Or have StandardMaterial3Ds with different parameters (things
>    that can change without enabling or disabling features) but the same
>    configuration(things enabled or disabled with a check box).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   reuse shaders. Note: shaders are automatically reused between
   StandardMaterial3Ds that share the same configuration (features
   that are enabled or disabled with a check box) even if they have different
   parameters.
```

Reviewer: Just a little bit of clarification :)
